In the last lecture I introduced you to interceptors but we're not really using it right now except
for logging the request.
Now let's actually modified request.
And here's an important information.
By default the requests are immutable which means you can't edit them for a good reason.
You may retry requests.
You can do this with the retry operator on observables.
For example if you retry a request it will actually get sent Freudians set intercept or multiple times.
And if you added one and the same request multiple times it will of course break at some point of time.
So what you want to do is you want to clone a request before you edited so that you always work with
a fresh copy of the request.
You can do it by simply creating a copied request here and then you use the incoming request and call
clone Bub's clone.
This gives you an exact copy of the incoming request and you can now add days copy to safely edited
and make sure that you well don't accidentally change the incoming requests request multiple times.
Now you could take this copy to request and read headers.
Your parents and so on but only read it.
You can't edit it here because of that immutability.
So does this block that is also true for the clone the clone function however is interesting because
it allows you to pass a configuration object so that the clone request is actually configured differently.
Now here this is interesting.
I can see it here.
You can update your request by changing the headers Conficker So everything you had on your headers
or in your contact before.
So here you can set the headers by sending the headers object here.
To the new headers you want to set by using the original request headers as a starting point and then
either overwriting them or appending headers.
So here you could append this header which is of course invalid.
This is one way of using this to set new headers though.
And if you want to overwrite existing custom headers simply use set here however I don't want to set
headers I want to set the parents and this works exactly the same.
We set the parent object just as we could before here.
However I now set parents using the old Perens of the incoming request.
And here I want to set you off param to my token this token was retrieved from the office service.
Well no problem.
You can inject services into interceptors at injectable just as you have to add it to any other service
where you want to inject something into.
And with that you can simply add a constructor and say I want to get access to the office service here.
So simply add or service of type of service your it will now get injected Frue angular dependency injection
system and this allows you to conveniently reach out to the off service your and get the token.
With that we should send this token with the off parameter with every outgoing request as soon as we
not handle the incoming request but are cloned and changed to one.
So now we have copied request here to the handle method and data storage service.
I did already removed the off.
So it shouldn't have worked before but now since we add the authentication data back why are our intercessor.
It should work again.
Let's try it out by simply logging into our app so that we do have a ballot token going to recipes.
And let me first of all save them just looks good we get our progress events but that's all right.
Let's now delete this and let's fetch our data.
There it is.
So this waxworks ask before even though I remove the authentication in the data storage servers we're
instead using our interceptor here.
And this is exactly what we wanted.
Now let me next show you how you can actually also intercept incoming responses because right now we're
only intercepting requests.